[cackles] My darkness
will swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I’ll lose to you?
I’m gonna be King
of the Pirates!
Roger’s treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D.
Luffy, a boy whose body
became rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I’m gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective is
to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory
in the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Upon arrival, Luffy entered
a fighting tournament
that promises the Flame-Flame
Fruit to the champion.
So? What'd you
need me for, Zoro?
[NARRATOR] Later, Luffy
reunites with Zoro and Kin'emon,
and the trio
receives a status update
from the rest of the Straw Hats
via Transponder Snail.
We made some friends.
Guys that call themselves
the King Riku Army,
sworn enemies of Doflamingo.
[SANJI]
An army?
Of Little People.
[LUFFY]
Really?
[FRANKY] And the thing is,
this army is planning on
taking down Doflamingo,
like, pronto. Today even.
Hold on.
[REBECCA] I believe that
he can save this kingdom.
But he wants to sacrifice
his life to do it!
Don't do it!
Tell the army to wait!
[FRANKY]
Not a chance!
This little army
is brave as hell.
I can't just leave 'em to die.
I'm sorry.
[REBECCA]
He won't make it this time.
He'll die.
[LUFFY]
Franky!
Uh?
Kick some ass out there!
We'll back you up real soon!
[FRANKY chuckles]
[FRANKY]
Wow! Thanks, brother!
All right.
We're heading back.
[GROUP]
What?!
It always ends up this way!
This does not look promising.
And it's coming this way.
[BOTH gasp]
[LUFFY]
Doflamingo!
[groans]
[LUFFY]
Traffy!
Damn brat.
What's going on?
Traffy! Why are
you fighting with Mingo?
You just had to push your luck.
[LAW]
Cora...
[LUFFY]
Traffy!
[LUFFY] "Two Great Rivals
Meet Each Other!
Straw Hat and Heavenly Demon!"
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp, murmur]
Huh? Did I hear a
gunshot over there?
Are you all okay?
What happened to Traffy?
You still with us, Luffy?
Tell us what's going on, please!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckling]
[SANJI]
C'mon, Luffy, say something!
Sorry about all the
commotion, folks. Forgive me.
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
This is the pirate,
and Warlord, Trafalgar Law.
He's the culprit
behind the false report
of my abdication from
the throne this morning.
He did that?
[NEWS COO squawking]
Why would he quit the Seven
Warlords? This is just insane!
What's going on here?
But his kingdom!
This can't be good!
[MAN F]
Your Majesty!
Why would you resign?
All of this is just
happening so suddenly!
[MAN G] At least tell us
your reasoning! Please!
[DOFLAMINGO] He was attempting
to pull me off the big chair.
But fear not.
I've taken care of the problem.
That all makes sense now!
So his intent was
to throw Dressrosa
into a spiral of chaos,
Your Majesty?
I'm so relieved! We're safe now!
Hey, Mingo!
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
[LUFFY] You're gonna pay
for doing that to Traffy!
Listen, kid. You'll mind
your own damned business,
if you know what's best for you.
Don't you know?
Law used to work for me.
I'm just cleaning
up my own mess.
[ZORO]
Kin, get Traffy outta here!
Leave it to me!
Hey, Vice Admiral!
The Pirate Hunter's on the move.
Should we nab him?
[BASTILLE]
Hm. Sounds good.
[FUJITORA]
Wait, just a moment.
[CHOPPER]
Hey! Come on, talk to us!
Please tell us what's going on!
With heavy heart, I am sad
to report Sir Law has fallen,
shot down by Doflamingo!
[BROOK, NAMI]
What?!
Hear that? Not good.
[DOFLAMINGO]
The Pirate Hunter Zoro
and Foxfire Kin'emon, right?
I saw Momonosuke earlier, too--
unguarded aboard your ship.
[KIN'EMON grunts]
Don't listen to that bastard.
We would never
let him take Momo.
I never doubted you!
[chuckles]
[ZORO]
It's you!
Excuse me.
[yells]
[LUFFY] I knew you were
stronger than you let on!
What's your name anyway?
[chuckles] I guess you
could call it second sight.
But there's something
that's telling me
not answering you would be
better for both our sakes.
[ZORO]
What's this intense pressure?
[ZORO] How is he
creating this much force?
[ZORO yells]
[LUFFY gasps]
Zoro!
[KIN'EMON gasps]
Sir Zoro?
[USOPP] What happened
to Zoro?! Kin'emon?!
Sir Zoro just vanished!
[KIN'EMON groans]
Kin'emon!
I'm gonna help you!
[LUFFY groans] Oh, yeah,
that's Sea Prism Stone isn't it?
[BROOK] Hey, Kin'emon? Are
you okay? Come on, answer me!
Don't tell me that you're dead!
[ZORO groans]
[FUJITORA grunts]
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE A]
Vice Admiral!
How treacherous.
A long-range sword attack?
Please go inform the civilians
to evacuate as far as possible.
[MARINE B]
Yes, sir!
I can't believe that
the old blind gambler
turned out to be a Navy
Admiral this whole time.
That guy?!
So he's with the Navy?
[BROOK] I
can hear you, Kin'emon!
Thank goodness!
That means you're still alive!
Thank you for your help before.
I fear I may seem ungrateful,
turning my blade on you
as I am, but I do not
intend to be callous.
[FUJITORA] Fate can be a cruel
and ironic mistress at times.
This man, who stands
here alongside Doflamingo
is a Navy Admiral it would seem!
[GROUP]
What?!
Wait, so there's a Navy Admiral
just hanging out in Dressrosa?
Then perhaps,
that means Doflamingo
is allied with the Navy.
In that event, we could have
countless enemies to face.
[USOPP] Who cares about
the number of enemies!
Just one admiral is
already a huge problem to us!
[TOY SOLDIER]
Hmm...
[KIN'EMON grunts]
Don't you dare!
[FUJITORA grunts]
[LUFFY gasps]
Wake up! Please, Sir Law!
Are you kidding me?!
Both of them can fly?!
[KIN'EMON] How are you
fairing? Please answer us!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Let's have a chit-chat
back at the palace, Fujitora.
If I can convince you
to cooperate with me,
you'll have their heads in no
time at all.
I shall listen to
what you have to say,
O' Heavenly Demon.
But the decision remains my own.
I won't let them get away!
[MARINE B] All civilians
have been evacuated!
[ZORO]
Hm?
[MARINES yell]
[MARINE B]
Capture Roronoa Zoro at once!
Looks like our
cover is blown, huh?
Yes, that seems to be the case.
That'd be our cue to go!
[KIN'EMON screaming]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[LUFFY]
Traffy!
This is Kin'emon speaking!
Unfortunately, they
have seized Sir Law!
[STRAW HAT PIRATES]
What?!
[ZORO panting]
Hey, Luffy!
You should go
and locate an exit!
We'll stay on the
move and hold out
as long as possible for you.
I'm on it! Let's hurry!
I heard Traffy say
something after he got shot.
He might still be okay!
[STRAW HAT PIRATES crying]
Not you guys, too?!
What's going on?
[BROOK]
O-O-O-Oh no!
[LUFFY]
What?! Just spit it out already!
[MARINE C]
There they are!
Dammit! They spotted us.
We have a big dilemma!
[BROOK]
It's a massive pirate ship!
[CHOPPER]
And it belongs to Big Mom!
♪ Shippy! Shippy! ♪
[screaming]
What is one of the Four Emperors
ships doing here anyway?!
[ALL yell]
Their figurehead's
singing somehow?
♪ Shippy! Shippy! ♪
[MARINES shouting]
Capture them!
[ZORO grunts]
Are you sure?
Is she attacking you now?
[CHOPPER screams]
We're all gonna die!
[ZORO]
Hm?
What's up?! You actually
see her on the ship?
[MARINES yelling]
Luffy! I think you should
run with us while you talk!
Yeah, let's go!
Can't confirm that,
but I do see those two weirdos
from Fishman Island though!
Mama! Confirming that
we have located Caesar!
Oui! They have him hostage
just as we speculated before!
Let us send them
on a bon voyage,
by sinking le ship to recover
monsieur Caesar!
[USOPP shrieks]
Oh, great!
Now we're dealing
with Big Mom, too?
Dammit, Luffy, you shouldn't
have picked a fight with her!
[SANJI] Seems like
they're here for Caesar!
[gasps] Caesar?
What do they want with him?!
Why are you so popular
every damn place that we go?!
Did they come to
rescue you, too?!
[CAESAR CLOWN whimpering]
"Rescue me"?!
[CAESAR CLOWN grunts, screams]
They're here to kill me, surely!
Huh?
I am begging you! I don't want
to be captured by Big Mom!
Please, it'll be the end of me!
Look, I stole research
funds from her, okay?
[SANJI grunts]
You did what?
[grunts]
W-Well...
Skip the details,
it's not important!
The point is, if they found out
I stole from them, I'm done for!
Do you really think
I care if you live or die?!
Aww, come on,
please don't say that!
Show some mercy!
Well, lucky for you,
our whole plan is screwed if we
hand you over, so shut up, okay?
[gasping] Look!
Look! Look! Look!
[ALL scream]
[BROOK]
They're gonna open fire on us!
[ALL screaming]
[NAMI grunts]
[NAMI]
Somebody take the helm!
Uh, right! I'm on it!
[CHOPPER yelling]
[SANJI grunts]
Dammit! Why now of all times?
We're getting pushed further and
further away from Dressrosa!
Think we can shake 'em off?
I'm gonna be real honest
with you here, Sanji,
and give you a hard
"I don't know!"
But say your prayers
just to be safe, 'kay?
[yelling]
[CHOPPER]
Brook! Keep it up!
[BROOK]
I'm trying! I'm trying!
Everything okay?!
Hey, listen.
I don't think it
would be a good idea
to lead an emperor
back to Dressrosa!
It'll just throw the whole
kingdom into mass hysteria
and knock the whole
"Beat Doflamingo" plan
outta whack, ya know?
Come to think of it why
is Caesar back on the Sunny?
[MARINES yelling]
Was it not obvious the
deal crumbled apart?!
Why else would Traffy have
gotten his ass beaten, huh?
[MARINE D]
Stop!
[SANJI] Yeah, we're stuck
with him because Law told us
to take him to the next
island unfortunately.
[NAMI]
I'm with Franky on this one.
I don't think we should take
him anywhere near Dressrosa.
[SANJI]
Huh?
Listen, Sanji, I'm not saying
this because I want to run away.
And I know you'd much rather
save Law and help
the Little People.
But we have to
strategize right now.
Hey, Luffy?
[LUFFY grunts]
There are three main
things that Doflamingo
and us after fighting for.
Caesar.
The SMILE factory.
And for some reason, Momonosuke.
[gasps]
We obviously haven't
completed our mission
to destroy the factory
yet, so he's got one.
But fortunately,
we have the other two pieces
right here with us, get it?
Traffy sacrificed himself
and fought Doflamingo
as a decoy so we could
move these two things
away from his reach.
I believe he was also trying
to buy us some extra time
for the factory plan as well.
[groans]
[MOMONOSUKE grunts]
He put himself through all that
just to help give us an edge.
Now, if we go back
just to make it easy
for Doflamingo to snatch the two
of them...
[NAMI] ...then his sacrifice
will have been for nothing!
[LUFFY]
Gotcha. Good point.
Then we'll just have to take
Traffy back at all costs!
What's the name of
the next island, again?
That would be Zou.
[LUFFY]
Sanji!
Nami!
Chopper!
Brook!
Momo!
You guys move on ahead to Zou!
[GROUP gasps]
Well, if that's what you want,
roger that, Captain,
but one request, first.
What is it?
Nothing. Just permission
to fight back.
I wanna launch a counterattack
against Big Mom's ship!
[LUFFY]
Sure, why not?
What?!
No way!
[MOMONOSUKE gasps]
[LUFFY] I already
started that fight anyway.
[SANJI chuckles]
True that.
[BROOK]
It's way too dangerous!
[NAMI]
Please don't!
[GROUP screaming]
All right, everyone,
we'll see ya in Zou!
Got it!
Don't worry! You can leave all
the factory smashin' up to us!
[USOPP screams]
[chuckles]
[FRANKY yelling]
All of you stay safe, okay?
Roger that!
[LUFFY]
Traffy's life is at stake.
[REBECCA grunts]
[LUFFY]
Rebecca's wish is at stake.
[LUFFY] And he's the
one controlling it all.
[LUFFY] We're gonna head
straight for the palace!
And then, we'll beat
the hell outta Doflamingo!
[CROWD cheering]
[NARRATOR] After the untimely
death of Portgas D. Ace,
the legendary pirate known as
Whitebeard
once proclaimed that an
inheritor would someday appear.
Now, two years later,
that man finally makes himself
known to Straw Hat Luffy,
who had fought hard to overcome
the loss of his brother.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Luffy Astonished! The Man
Who Inherits Ace's Will!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!